so whats up youtube today i'm gonna be
showing you a really simple catfish rig
it's not the best it's not the worst but
i don't have the right seeker it's no 10
min i say anything fishing stuff so i'm
just going to move with a little worm so
you started first off you're going to
cut off a piece of one don't really
matter how long its whatever you think
i'd say probably about me flickinger
real quick how about two feets what I've
got right here but first you just gonna
take care one needs to be heavier than
this i have some 20 over here but i'm
just going to use t easier to tie and
just look I you I not I just twist about
six or seven times and I go back through
there and of course cut your excess all
right and how would you recommend a
bigger hook I'd use a better circle hook
oh this really isn't that much of a
circle Oh Connie I don't even know
really what these are just comment and
telling me these aren't the circle hooks
that I'm used to they need to start look
but use a bigger hook if you're fishing
is like if you're fishing it upon that
could probably work ok and next you are
going to
your barrel swivel is your pretty big
you can use any size of Brussels in a
room with this will but like I said
don't have all my fish and stuff with me
wonders how to make do with this just
going to tie it on exactly the same or
you can ignore tied on any kind of way
I'm just tired on my wife time efficient
on all right is it a lot harder to tie
his it this will all right here we go
one two three four five six seven and
eight for good luck I'll see you right
there oh my gosh this is a pain I hate
grabbing this little fish in line all
right i'll have to get out of the camera
real quick sorry about this
you
first up a little weight are not wait
but before I got it tied on like this
and after you time to you're just going
to take the other end of your line like
this and you're going to do your title
on the exact same I'll come on it or
wait no good remember i use a bigger
wait this a little ghetto rig hear that
all right there is slide your weight
onto your main line coming from your
poem and then tie the end of that to the
unusual mattel
all right I got this and then you go to
where you can see it all right it'll be
kind of weird but when you cast down and
hit the bottom this is a bottom fishing
for a day or you can just build or drop
on time do a little work either way yes
I have that way on backwards if I was
going to use it like that but you know
what matter I'm not gonna use this
anyway well the way it will sync it up
the bottom like that once it's on the
ball that swivel is going to be up and
this one a bit more like that back here
you can see that line is this crap it
okay hold on
position if you have the right weight on
there like I know this is off this and
the swivel well that will be on the
bottom like that and the swivel way up
like this with your middle your mouth
will swim around up there float up you
know anything um yes but you can make
this kind of hook with anything with the
stink bait minutes the best thing state
bait like I said penis cut bait shoot
you give you bread or something who'sa
Michael palm I mean you don't matter
really well uh yeah it's about it just
went through me loose out
you